<h1 class="">TW Bookcase</h1><p>TW Bookcase is a TiddlyWiki management application. It consolidates disparate TiddlyWiki folders on your computer into one management application.</p><p>TW Bookcase serves TiddlyWiki instances by proxying them so you can have many instances with only <em>one</em> web sever running.
</p><h2 class="">How to Install</h2><ol><li>Install <a class="tc-tiddlylink tc-tiddlylink-missing" href="#Node.js">Node.js</a><ul><li>either from your favourite package manager: typically <code>apt-get install nodejs</code> on Debian/Ubuntu Linux or <a class="tc-tiddlylink tc-tiddlylink-missing" href="#Serving%20TW5%20from%20Android">Termux for Android</a>, or <code>brew install node</code> on a Mac</li><li>or directly from <a class="tc-tiddlylink-external" href="http://nodejs.org" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">http://nodejs.org</a></li></ul></li><li>Open a command line terminal and type:<blockquote><p><code>npm install -g tw-bookcase</code></p><p>If it fails with an error you may need to re-run the command as an administrator:</p><p><code>sudo npm install -g tw-bookcase</code> (Mac/Linux)</p></blockquote></li><li>Check TW Bookcase is installed by typing:<blockquote><p><code>tw-bookcase --version</code></p></blockquote></li><li>In response, you should see TW Bookcase report its current version (eg &quot;&quot;; you may also see other debugging information reported)</li><li>Try it out:<ol><li><code>tw-bookcase mynewwiki --init</code> to create a folder for a new wiki that includes server-related components</li><li><code>tw-bookcase mynewwiki --listen</code> to start TW Bookcase</li><li>Visit <a class="tc-tiddlylink-external" href="http://127.0.0.1:8088/" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">http://127.0.0.1:8088/</a> in your browser (Note the default port number is <code>8088</code>)</li></ol></li><li>Learn more about <a class="tc-tiddlylink tc-tiddlylink-resolves" href="#How%20to%20Use">How to Use</a> TW Bookcase.</li></ol><p>The <code>-g</code> flag causes TW Bookcase to be installed globally. Without it, TW Bookcase will only be available in the directory where you installed it.</p><p>If you are using Debian or Debian-based Linux and you are receiving a <code>node: command not found</code> error though node.js package is installed, you may need to create a symbolic link between <code>nodejs</code> and <code>node</code>. Consult your distro's manual and <code>whereis</code> to correctly create a link. See github <a class="tc-tiddlylink-external" href="http://github.com/Jermolene/TiddlyWiki5/issues/1434" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">issue 1434</a></p><p>Example Debian v8.0: <code>sudo ln -s /usr/bin/nodejs /usr/bin/node</code>
</p><h2 class="">License</h2><p>Copyright 2019 Devin Weaver</p><p>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the &quot;Software&quot;), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:</p><p>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.</p><p>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED &quot;AS IS&quot;, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
</p><h2 class="">Contributing</h2><p>Contributions are very welcome. The source is available on <a class="tc-tiddlylink-external" href="https://github.com/sukima/tw-bookcase" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">GutHub</a>.</p><p>Please feel free to offer pull requests or send feedback via issues.</p><h2 class="">License</h2><p>Copyright 2019 Devin Weaver</p><p>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the &quot;Software&quot;), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:</p><p>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.</p><p>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED &quot;AS IS&quot;, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
</p>